1. 欧盟据悉寻求2.2万亿美元的复苏计划以应对历史性衰退

在周四欧盟领导人会谈之前，欧盟委员会在考虑一项2万亿欧元（2.2万亿美元）的经济复苏计划，以设法弥合近几周的分歧。

欧盟27国政府首脑将举行视频会议，讨论应对新冠病毒大流行的下一步措施。严厉的封锁措施令工厂停工，旅行往来暂停，造成这个全球最大的贸易集团滑向记忆中最严重的衰退。一位官员表示，欧盟预计今年经济产值将萎缩高达10%。

随着损失扩大，较富裕的欧盟北部的成员国一直在抵制设立新的融资结构的压力。新的融资结构旨在帮助疫情最严重的南部国家重建。据彭博新闻社看到的欧盟委员会内部文件提出的折中方案，该方案将部分利用欧盟现有的七年预算，并设立新的融资机制。

依据该计划，欧盟将把3000亿欧元复苏基金纳入2021-2027年的预算中，并通过资本市场筹资3200亿欧元。该文件未说明欧盟委员会将如何实现2万亿欧元的总额。

发言人Eric Mamer在推文中称，欧盟委员会主席Ursula von der Leyen或其内阁尚未看到这份草案。“她将在明天的成员国首脑视频会议上讲述复苏计划的主要内容。

The European Union is reported to be seeking a $2.2 trillion recovery plan to deal with a historic recession

Ahead of Thursday's meeting of EU leaders, the European Commission is considering a 2 trillion euro ($2.2 trillion) economic recovery plan to try to bridge differences in recent weeks.

The 27 EU heads of government will hold a video conference to discuss the next steps to deal with the novel coronavirus pandemic. The severe blockade shut down factories and suspended travel, causing the world's largest trading group to slide into the worst recession in memory. The EU expects economic output to shrink by as much as 10 per cent this year, an official said.

As losses spread, wealthier northern EU member states have resisted pressure to set up new financing structures. The new financing structure is designed to help rebuild the worst-hit southern countries. According to the compromise proposed in the internal documents of the European Commission seen by Bloomberg News, the plan will make use of part of the existing seven-year budget of the European Union and set up a new financing mechanism.

Under the plan, the EU will include 300 billion euros in the 2021-2027 recovery fund and raise 320 billion euros through the capital markets. The document does not specify how the European Commission will achieve a total of 2 trillion euros.

Spokesman Eric Mamer tweeted that European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen or his cabinet had not seen the draft. She will talk about the main elements of the recovery plan at tomorrow's videoconference of heads of state.


2. 摩根大通：油价暴跌对于市场而言并非系统性风险

据摩根大通称，本周的原油价格走势或许有点吓人，但其所包含的系统性意义似乎并不那么可怕。

摩根大通策略师John Normand在周三的报告中表示，尽管WTI近月合约一度暴跌至每桶-37美元的水平，但是按照典型的衰退期标准衡量，其他资产类别的价格走势总体依然“淡定”。

“从系统性角度看，本周油价的暴跌并不是太过令人震惊，”Normand说。“每桶20美元的布伦特油价或者不时变成负值的WTI价格会让全球投资者产生多大的担忧？我们认为答案很简单：会比以往小得多。”

Normand表示，标普500指数中能源类股权重的下降，全球央行为抑制金融市场震荡正在实施的资产购买计划，以及石油行业自身的产量调整等，所有这一切都应成为让心存忧虑的投资者感到慰藉的理由。

他说，虽然油价短期内面临下行风险，但若料想油价一直到夏天也不会有什么起色未免太过悲观。油价走势或许会使发展中国家资产承压，但是这种压力不大可能大面积波及其他资产。


JPMorgan Chase: the collapse in oil prices is not a systemic risk to the market

According to JPMorgan, the price of crude oil this week may be a little scary, but the systemic implications don't seem that scary.

JPMorgan strategist John Normand said in a report on Wednesday that although WTI contracts plummeted to-$37 a barrel in recent months, prices in other asset classes remained generally "calm" by typical recession standards.

"from a systemic point of view, the collapse in oil prices this week is not too shocking," Normand said. "how much will the Brent oil price of $20 a barrel or the occasional negative WTI price worry global investors? We think the answer is simple: it will be much smaller than before. "

Normand said the decline in the weight of energy equity in the S & P;, the asset purchases being implemented by central banks around the world to contain financial market volatility, and the oil industry's own production adjustment should all be reasons for worried investors to take comfort.

He said that while oil prices face downside risks in the short term, it would be too pessimistic to expect that oil prices will not improve until the summer. The trend of oil prices may put pressure on assets in developing countries, but the pressure is unlikely to spread to other assets on a large scale.


3. IMF称目前对其新短期流动性额度的需求或达500亿美元

国际货币基金组织（IMF）官员周三表示，目前几个国家对IMF新的短期流动性额度的需求可能达到500亿美元；他们并称这一工具或将帮助各国在发生更大问题之前满足流动性需求。

官员表示，IMF正与多国协商使用这一工具事宜，但没有透露都有哪些国家。

新工具上周获得IMF执行董事会的批准，以帮助部分成员国应对新冠疫情引发的广泛流动性问题。疫情已经引发全球经济深度衰退。

IMF正忙于扩充其工具组合，帮助向其求援的100多个成员国应对疫情大流行导致的卫生和经济影响。

IMF第一副总裁杰佛里冈本在该机构网站上发文称，新工具将向无法从美联储和其他国家取得互换额度的成员国提供额外流动性，从而填补一个“全球金融安全网的重大缺口”。

IMF says current demand for its new short-term liquidity limit could reach $50 billion

(IMF) officials at the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday that demand for IMF's new short-term liquidity line could reach $50 billion in several countries, adding that the tool could help countries meet liquidity needs before bigger problems occur.

Officials said IMF was negotiating with a number of countries about the use of the tool, but did not say which countries.

The new tool was approved by IMF's executive board last week to help some member states deal with widespread liquidity problems caused by the novel coronavirus epidemic. The epidemic has triggered a deep recession in the global economy.

IMF is busy expanding its portfolio of tools to help the more than 100 member countries that turn to it to cope with the health and economic impact of the pandemic.

Jeffrey Okamoto, first vice-president of IMF, wrote on the agency's website that the new tool would fill a "significant gap in the global financial safety net" by providing additional liquidity to member states that could not obtain swap lines from the Fed and other countries.


4. 特斯拉上海工厂或采用新冲压工艺 制造效率再提升

特斯拉中国似乎正在为Model Y以及Model 3在上海超级工厂采用全新的生产工艺做准备。

　　近日，据外媒Teslarati报道，特斯拉发烧友Wuwa Vision利用无人机在上海工厂上飞过，捕捉到了特斯拉上海工厂一期厂房车身冲压区的图像，从而作出了上述猜测。

　　上海工厂一期工程的尾部是分配给车身冲压车间活动的区域。该区域是去年在电池和动力总成组装车间开工前，与一期厂房的其他部分一起完成的。有意思的是，从最近的无人机飞过的画面中可以看到，工人们正在扩大车身冲压区域。

　　更重要的是，车身冲压车间内的施工似乎在向地底进行深挖，这表明该区域将容纳一台大型机器，或者至少比现有的Model 3生产线上使用的机器更大。

　　特斯拉的专利和CEO埃隆马斯克的声明都暗示了这样一种会彻底改变Model Y生产方式的新工艺，而这项工艺将在上海工厂应用。


　　业内专家表示，与Model3相比，Model Y的铸件更大。有了新的冲压机，特斯拉将能够以更快、更高效的方式生产Model Y。这对特斯拉来说意义非凡，因为马斯克认为Model Y有望成为其迄今销量最高的车型。

　　此前，特斯拉中国官网已经公布了Model Y的国内预估价格，其中长续航版43.5万元、双电机全轮驱动版47.8万元。

　　4月初，特斯拉公布了2020年一季度的销量业绩。生产10.4万辆，交付8.84万辆。特斯拉称，这是公司自成立以来最好的第一季度交付表现。对照全年50万辆的既定销量目标，特斯拉一季度大概完成了目标的17.7%。

　　不过，随着疫情在美国持续爆发，3月24日，特斯拉位于加州弗里蒙特的工厂正式停工，这是其最主要的生产基地。而在此之前，特斯拉的电池供应商松下已经停产。特斯拉弗里蒙特工厂的周产能接近7000辆，以此计算的话，4月份的停工大约损失2.8万辆产量。

　　特斯拉上海工厂眼下担任着这家电动汽车制造商实现今年产量目标的重任。如果说特斯拉原本就计划在上海工厂使用新生产工艺，那么美国疫情的加重无疑加速了上海工厂的各项工程进度。

Tesla Shanghai factory may adopt new stamping process to improve manufacturing efficiency.

Tesla China seems to be preparing for the adoption of a new production process for Model Y and Model 3 in the Shanghai super factory.

Recently, foreign media Teslarati reported that Tesla enthusiast Wuwa Vision used drones to fly over the Shanghai factory and captured an image of the stamping area of the body of Tesla's Shanghai factory in the first phase of the factory.

The tail of the first phase of the Shanghai factory is assigned to the activity area of the car body stamping workshop. The area was completed with the rest of the first phase of the plant before the start of the battery and powertrain assembly workshop last year. Interestingly, recent images of drones flying by show that workers are expanding the stamping area of the car body.

More importantly, the construction in the body stamping workshop appears to be digging deep underground, indicating that the area will accommodate a large machine, or at least larger than the one used on the existing Model 3 production line.

Both Tesla's patent and CEO Elon Musk's statement suggest a new process that will revolutionize the production of Model Y, which will be used in the Shanghai plant.


Industry experts say that, Model Y castings are larger than Model3. With the new press, Tesla will be able to produce Model Y in a faster and more efficient way. This means a lot to Tesla because Musk thinks the Model Y is on track to be its highest-selling model to date.

Prior to this, Tesla's Chinese official website has announced the domestic estimated price of Model Y, including 435000 yuan for the long-lasting version and 478000 yuan for the dual-motor all-wheel drive version.

In early April, Tesla announced sales results for the first quarter of 2020. 104000 vehicles were produced and 88400 vehicles were delivered. Tesla said it was the company's best first-quarter delivery performance since its inception. Compared with the set sales target of 500000 vehicles for the whole year, Tesla probably achieved 17.7% of the target in the first quarter.

However, as the outbreak continued in the United States, Tesla's factory in Fremont, Calif., officially shut down on March 24, which is its main production base. Prior to this, Panasonic, a battery supplier to Tesla, had stopped production. The production capacity of the Tesla Fremont plant is close to 7000 vehicles a week, so the April shutdown would have lost about 28000 vehicles.

Tesla's Shanghai plant now plays an important role in meeting this year's production targets for the electric carmaker. If Tesla originally planned to use the new production process at the Shanghai plant, then the aggravation of the epidemic in the United States has undoubtedly accelerated the progress of various projects at the Shanghai plant.


5. 英国石油前CEO：我想起80年代油价陷入17年低迷时


The former CEO: of BP reminds me of the time when oil prices fell into a 17-year downturn in the 1980s.

北京时间21日消息，英国石油(23.33, 1.69, 7.81%)公司前CEO约翰-布朗尼（John Browne）周二表示，他预计油价在一段时间内将持续低迷，因为供应超过需求，并且称，目前原油市场的现状让他想起20世纪80年代的石油过剩。

　　布朗尼说：“油价将非常低，我认为在相当长一段时间内，价格将保持低水平且非常不稳定。”

　　他说：“这让人想起1980年代中期发生的完全相同的情况——供应过多，需求过少，导致油价在17年里一直处于低水平。”

　　上世纪80年代的油价下跌，缘于美国与欧洲需求下滑，加上英国北海油田的崛起，油价从每桶35美元跌至不足10美元，科威特曾以每桶5美元的价格出售原油，沙特大幅减产近四分之三也未能阻止油价下跌。


Beijing, 21 (Xinhua)-- John Browne (John Browne), former CEO of BP (23.33,1.69,7.81%), said on Tuesday that he expected oil prices to remain depressed for some time because supply exceeded demand, and said the current state of the crude oil market reminded him of the oil glut in the 1980s.

"Oil prices will be very low and I think prices will remain low and very unstable for quite a long time," Brownie said. "

"this is reminiscent of exactly the same thing that happened in the mid-1980s-too much supply and too little demand, which led to low oil prices for 17 years," he said. "

The fall in oil prices in the 1980s was due to falling demand in the US and Europe, coupled with the rise of the UK's North Sea oilfields, oil prices fell from $35 to less than $10 a barrel, and Kuwait sold crude oil at $5 a barrel. Saudi Arabia's sharp production cut of nearly 3/4 also failed to stop oil prices from falling.


6. 中国银行股份有限公司关于赎回次级债券的公告

中国银行股份有限公司董事会及全体董事保证本公告内容不存在任何虚假
记载、误导性陈述或者重大遗漏，并对其内容的真实性、准确性和完整性承担个
别及连带责任。

2010 年 3 月 9 日，中国银行股份有限公司（简称“本行”）发行了
15 年期固定利率规模为人民币 249.3 亿元的次级债券（简称“本期债券”），
并于 2010 年 3 月 12 日发布了《中国银行股份有限公司关于次级债券发
行完毕的公告》（公告编号：临 2010-005）。根据本期债券募集说明书相
关条款的规定，本期债券设有发行人赎回权，发行人有权在本期债券第
十年末，即 2020 年 3 月 11 日赎回本期债券。
截至本公告日，本行已行使赎回权，全额赎回了本期债券。
特此公告

中国银行股份有限公司董事会
二〇二〇年三月十二日 

Announcement of Bank of China Co., Ltd. On the redemption of subordinated bonds.

The board of directors and all directors of Bank of China Co., Ltd. guarantee that there is no falsehood in this announcement.
Record, misleading statement or material omission, and bear responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of its content.
Don't be jointly and severally liable.

On March 9, 2010, Bank of China Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "the Bank") issued.
Subordinated bonds with a 15-year fixed interest rate of 24.93 billion yuan (referred to as "current bonds"),
And on March 12, 2010, it issued "Bank of China Co., Ltd., on the issuance of subordinated bonds."
Announcement of the completion of the line "(notice number: P.R. 2010-005). According to the current bond offering prospectus.
According to the relevant terms, the current bond has the right of redemption by the issuer, and the issuer has the right to redeem the current bond.
The bonds were redeemed at the end of the decade, that is, March 11, 2020.
As of the date of this announcement, the Bank has exercised the right of redemption and redeemed the bonds of the current issue in full.
It is hereby announced.

Board of Directors of Bank of China Co., Ltd.
March 12, 2020


7. 建设银行2019年半年度报告

本报告包含若干对本集团财务状况、经营业绩及业务发展的前瞻性陈述。这些陈述基于现行计划、估计及预测而作出，虽然本集团相信这些前瞻性陈述中所反映的期望是合理的，但这些陈述不构成对投资者的实质承诺，请对此保持足够的风险认识，理解计划、预测与承诺之间的差异。

本集团面临的主要风险包括信用风险、流动性风险、市场风险、操作风险、声誉风险和国别风险。本集团积极采取措施，有效管理以上风险，具体情况请注意阅读“经营情况讨论与分析—风险管理”部分。

重要提示本行董事会、监事会及董事、监事、高级管理人员保证半年度报告内容的真实、准确、完整，不存在虚假记载、误导性陈述或重大遗漏，并承担个别和连带的法律责任。本行于2019年8月28日召开董事会会议，审议通过了本行2019年半年度报告、摘要及业绩公告。本行12名董事亲自出席董事会会议。因工作安排，朱海林先生委托冯冰女士出席并表决；因事务安排，冯婉眉女士委托莫里?洪恩先生出席并表决。

经2018年度股东大会批准，2019年7月10日，本行向2019年7月9日收市后在册的A股股东派发2018年度现金股息每股人民币0.306元（含税），合计约29.36亿元；2019年7月30日，本行向2019年7月9日收市后在册的H股股东派发2018年度现金股息每股人民币0.306元（含税），合计约735.68亿元。本行不宣派2019年中期股息，不进行公积金转增股本。

本集团按照中国会计准则编制的2019年半年度财务报告已经安永华明会计师事务所（特殊普通合伙）审阅，按照国际财务报告准则编制的2019年半年度财务报告已经安永会计师事务所审阅。

中国建设银行股份有限公司董事会

2019年8月28日


Half-yearly report of China Construction Bank in 2019.

This report contains certain forward-looking statements regarding the Group's financial position, results of operations and business development. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and although the Group believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements do not constitute a material commitment to investors, please maintain sufficient risk awareness and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and commitments.

The main risks faced by the Group include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, reputation risk and country risk. The Group actively takes measures to effectively manage the above risks. Please read the section "Business discussion and Analysis-risk Management" for details.

Important reminders to the board of directors, board of supervisors and directors, supervisors and senior management of the bank to ensure that the contents of the semi-annual report are true, accurate and complete, that there are no false records, misleading statements or major omissions, and bear individual and joint legal liability. The Bank held a board meeting on August 28, 2019, which examined and approved the Bank's 2019 semi-annual report, summary and results announcement. Twelve directors of the bank attended the board meeting in person. Because of the work arrangement, Mr. Zhu Hailin entrusted Ms. Feng Bing to attend and vote; because of the business arrangement, Ms. Feng Wanmei entrusted Murray? Mr. Hong was present and voted.

With the approval of the 2018 shareholders' meeting, on July 10, 2019, the Bank paid a 2018 cash dividend of RMB 0.306 per share (including tax) to A-share shareholders registered after the close of market on July 9, 2019, totaling approximately RMB 2.936 billion; on July 30, 2019, the Bank paid a cash dividend of RMB 0.306 per share (including tax) per share, totaling approximately 73.568 billion yuan, to H-share shareholders after the market closed on July 9, 2019. The Bank does not declare an interim dividend in 2019 and does not carry out a provident fund to increase its share capital.

The 2019 half-year financial report prepared by the Group in accordance with Chinese accounting standards has been reviewed by Ernst & Young Huaming (Special General Partnership). The 2019 half-year financial report prepared in accordance with IFRS has been reviewed by Ernst & Young.

Board of Directors of China Construction Bank Co., Ltd.

August 28, 2019


8. 工商银行关于副行长任职资格获中国银保监会核准的公告

中国工商银行股份有限公司关于副行长任职资格获中国银保监会核准的公告

中国工商银行股份有限公司（简称本行）董事会于2020年3月27日批准聘任王景武先生为本行副行长。近日，本行收到《中国银保监会关于工商银行王景武任职资格的批复》（银保监复〔2020〕208号）。根据有关规定，中国银行保险监督管理委员会（简称中国银保监会）已核准王景武先生担任本行副行长的任职资格。王景武先生担任本行副行长的任职已生效。王景武先生的简历请参见本行于2020年3月28日刊载于《中国证券报》《上海证券报》《证券时报》《证券日报》和上海证券交易所网站（www.sse.com.cn）的《中国工商银行股份有限公司董事会决议公告》。

特此公告。

中国工商银行股份有限公司董事会二〇二〇年四月十六日

Announcement of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China on the qualification of Vice President to be approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission.

Announcement of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Co., Ltd. on the qualification of vice president to be approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission.

The board of directors of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Bank) approved the appointment of Mr. Wang Jingwu as Vice President of the Bank on March 27, 2020. Recently, the Bank received the approval of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on the qualifications of ICBC Wang Jingwu (Bancassurance Supervisor reply No. 2020). According to the relevant regulations, the Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CBIC) has approved the qualification of Mr. Wang Jingwu as vice president of the Bank. The appointment of Mr. Wang Jingwu as vice president of the Bank has come into effect. For the resume of Mr. Wang Jingwu, please refer to the "announcement of the Board of Directors of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Co., Ltd." published in China Securities News, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and Shanghai Stock Exchange website (www.sse.com.cn) on March 28, 2020.

It is hereby announced.

The Board of Directors of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Co., Ltd., April 16, 2010.


9. 农业银行2019年度利润分配方案公告

中国农业银行股份有限公司2019年度利润分配方案公告

－1－

中国农业银行股份有限公司董事会及全体董事保证本公告内容不存在任何虚假记载、误导性陈述或者重大遗漏，并对其内容的真实性、准确性和完整性承担个别及连带责任。

重要内容提示：

? 每股分配金额：每股普通股派发现金股利人民币0.1819元（含税）。

? 本行拟以3,499.83亿股普通股为基数向普通股股东派发2019年度股息。A股股息预计将于2020年7月10日支付，H股股息预计将不晚于2020年7月31日支付。

? 本次利润分配方案尚需提交本行股东大会审议通过后方可实施。

一、利润分配方案内容

经普华永道中天会计师事务所（特殊普通合伙）和罗兵咸永道会计师事务所审计，中国农业银行股份有限公司（以下简称“本行”）2019年归属于母公司股东净利润为人民币2,120.98亿元。经本行董事会审议，本行拟以3,499.83亿股普通股为基数向普通股股东派发2019年度股息。本次利润分配方案如下：

（一）根据《公司法》规定，提取法定盈余公积金人民币

206.23亿元。

（二）根据财政部关于《金融企业准备金计提管理办法》等有关规定，提取一般准备人民币342.11亿元。

（三）以本行截至2019年12月31日的总股本3,499.83亿股为基数，向股权登记日登记在册的A股股东和H股股东派发现金股利，每10股普通股派发人民币1.819元（含税），合计人民币636.62亿元（含税）。按照该期间集团合并口径下归属于母公司股东净利润计算，分红比例为30.02%。

（四）本次利润分配不实施资本公积金转增股本。

在本公告披露之日起至实施分红派息股权登记日期间，若本行普通股总股本发生变化，将另行公告利润分配调整情况。

本次利润分配方案尚需提交本行股东大会审议。

二、本行履行的决策程序

2020年3月30日，本行董事会2020年第4次会议审议通过了《2019年度利润分配方案》，同意将该项议案提交本行股东大会审议。本行独立董事发表了独立意见，同意该利润分配方案。

2020年3月30日，本行监事会2020年第1次会议审议通过了《2019年度利润分配方案》。

三、相关风险提示

本次利润分配方案尚需提交本行股东大会审议通过后方可实施。

特此公告。

中国农业银行股份有限公司董事会

2020年3月30日


Announcement of profit Distribution Plan of Agricultural Bank of China in 2019.

Announcement of profit Distribution Plan of Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd in 2019.

-1-.

The board of directors and all the directors of Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd. guarantee that there are no false records, misleading statements or major omissions in the contents of this announcement, and bear individual and joint and several liability for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of its contents.

Tips for important content:

? Distribution amount per share: cash dividend of RMB 0.1819 per common share (including tax).

? The Bank intends to pay 2019 dividends to common shareholders on a basis of 349.983 billion common shares. The A-share dividend is expected to be paid on July 10, 2020, and the H-share dividend is expected to be paid no later than July 31, 2020.

? This profit distribution plan needs to be submitted to the shareholders' meeting of the Bank for consideration and approval before it can be implemented.

I. content of profit distribution plan.

Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (Special General Partnership) and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the net profit of the shareholders of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (hereinafter referred to as "the Bank") belonging to the parent company is RMB 212.098 billion in 2019. After consideration by the Board of Directors of the Bank, the Bank intends to pay a 2019 dividend to common shareholders on a basis of 349.983 billion common shares. The profit distribution plan is as follows:

(1) to withdraw RMB from the statutory surplus reserve fund in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law.

20.623 billion yuan.

(2) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Ministry of Finance on the measures for the Administration of reserves of Financial Enterprises, a general reserve of RMB 34.211 billion shall be withdrawn.

(3) on the basis of 349.983 billion shares of the total share capital of the Bank as at December 31, 2019, cash dividends shall be paid to A-share shareholders and H-share holders registered at the equity registration date, with a total of RMB 63.662 billion yuan (including tax) for every 10 common shares. According to the net profit of the shareholders belonging to the parent company under the caliber of the group merger during the period, the dividend ratio is 30.02%.

(4) the transfer of capital accumulation fund into equity shall not be implemented in this profit distribution.

During the period from the date of disclosure of this announcement to the date of registration of dividend-paying shares, if the total share capital of the Bank's common shares changes, the adjustment of profit distribution will be announced separately.

This profit distribution plan needs to be submitted to the shareholders' meeting of the Bank for consideration.

II. Decision-making procedures performed by the Bank.

On March 30, 2020, the 4th meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank examined and approved the "profit Distribution Plan for 2019" and agreed to submit the proposal to the general meeting of shareholders of the Bank for consideration. The independent director of the bank expressed an independent opinion and agreed with the profit distribution plan.

On March 30, 2020, the first meeting of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank of China examined and approved the "profit Distribution Plan for 2019" at its first meeting in 2020.

III. Related risk hints.

This profit distribution plan needs to be submitted to the shareholders' meeting of the Bank for consideration and approval before it can be implemented.

It is hereby announced.

Board of Directors of Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd.

March 30, 2020




10. 交通银行董事会审计委员会2019年度履职情况报告

交通银行股份有限公司董事会审计委员会2019年度履职情况报告

根据上海证券交易所《上市公司董事会审计委员会运作指引》等监管要求及《交通银行股份有限公司章程》《交通银行股份有限公司董事会审计委员会工作条例》等规定，本公司董事会审计委员会积极履行在审核财务信息及披露、执行会计政策、强化内外部审计监督、完善内部控制体系等方面的决策咨询功能，有力保障了本公司各项财务信息的真实准确、内部控制体系的稳定有效和经营管理的稳健运营，进一步提升了公司治理的规范性和有效性。现将审计委员会2019年度履职情况报告如下：

一、组建新一届审计委员会

2019年6月，本公司董事会换届后，随即按照公司章程以及《董事会审计委员会工作条例》的规定，由董事会批准组建新一届审计委员会。新一届审计委员会由刘力、王太银、何兆斌、陈俊奎、李健、杨志威、胡展云7名委员组成，刘力担任委员会主任委员。

二、会议召开及委员出席情况

2019年，委员会共召开4次会议，审议通过了包括委员会年度工作总结和工作计划、定期业绩报告、财务决算报告、利润分配方案、固定资产投资计划、聘用会计师事务所、内部控制评价报告、内部审计工作总结、变更租赁会计政策、资本管理高级方法实施情况审计报告等在内的24项议案和

报告，并向董事会报告审议意见。

各次会议的召开程序、表决方式和通过的议案均符合法律法规、本公司章程以及委员会工作条例的规定。除参加委员会会议外，部分委员还于年内参加了独立董事与外部审计师见面会、独立董事与财务负责人见面会。履职过程中，各位委员投入了足够的时间和精力，表现出高度的敬业精神和良好的专业素养。

Report on the performance of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank of Communications in 2019.

Report on the performance of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd in 2019.

In accordance with the regulatory requirements such as the guidelines on the Operation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of listed companies of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the articles of Association of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company actively performs the decision-making and consulting functions in reviewing financial information and disclosure, implementing accounting policies, strengthening internal and external audit supervision, and improving the internal control system, which effectively ensures the authenticity and accuracy of the company's financial information, the stability and effectiveness of the internal control system and the sound operation of management, and further enhances the standardization and effectiveness of corporate governance. The performance of the Board of auditors for 2019 is reported as follows:

I. Establishment of a new audit committee.

After the change of the board of directors of the Company in June 2019, a new audit committee was approved by the board of directors in accordance with the articles of association and the regulations on the work of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The new audit committee is composed of Liu Li, Wang Taiyin, he Zhaobin, Chen Junkui, Li Jian, Yang Zhiwei and Hu Zhanyun, with Liu Li as chairman of the committee.

II. The convening of the meeting and the attendance of the members.

In 2019, the committee held four meetings and examined and adopted 24 motions, including annual work summary and work plan, periodic performance report, financial final account report, profit distribution plan, fixed asset investment plan, employment of accounting firms, internal control evaluation report, internal audit summary, change of lease accounting policy, audit report on the implementation of advanced methods of capital management, etc.

Report and report the comments to the board of directors.

The procedures, voting methods and motions passed at each meeting are in accordance with the laws and regulations, the articles of association of the company and the regulations on the work of the committee. In addition to attending committee meetings, some members also attended meetings between independent directors and external auditors, and meetings between independent directors and financial officers during the year. In the course of performing their duties, the members invested enough time and energy to show a high degree of professionalism and good professionalism.